procedures: rewrite and expand the "Backup and disaster recovery" sections of the admin guide (#2121)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/proc_configuring-che-with-custom-resources-to-use-amazon-s3.adoc

[id="configuring-{prod-id-short}-with-custom-resources-to-use-amazon-s3_{context}"]
= Configuring {prod-short} with custom resources to use Amazon S3

To configure {prod-short} to use Amazon S3:

.Prerequisites

* Configured Amazon S3. See xref:supported-restic-compatible-backup-servers.adoc[].
* Created backup repository. See link:https://restic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/030_preparing_a_new_repo.html[Preparing a new repository].

> * Created backup repository password. See link:https://restic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/030_preparing_a_new_repo.html[Preparing a new repository].

Reviewer: Same remarks as for backing up by custom resources

Author: Fixed.

[id="configuring-{prod-id-short}-with-custom-resources-to-use-amazon-s3_{context}"]
= Configuring {prod-short} with custom resources to use Amazon S3

To configure {prod-short} to use Amazon S3:

.Prerequisites

> * Configured Amazon S3. See xref:supported-restic-compatible-backup-servers.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: This seems too general. What specifically needs to be configured on Amazon S3?

.Procedure

. Create a secret containing the `repo-password` key with a Base64 encoded password:
+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: backup-encryption-password-secret
  namespace: eclipse-che
type: Opaque
stringData:

>   repo-password: __<base64_encoded_password>__

Reviewer: This brings unneeded complexity, please fix. One may use `data` field with direct (not base64 encoded) values ([docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#overview-of-secrets)).
The same for all other backup procedures.

Author: Alright. Fixed.

----
+

> ({prod-short} Operator will set up this password for the backup repository that {prod-short} Operator will create from this custom object on the backup server.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
({prod-short} Operator sets up this password for the backup repository that {prod-short} Operator creates from this custom object on the backup server.)
```
Avoid future tense

Author: @bburt-rh, thank you for spotting it, but in this particular case I considered future tense warranted. IBM Style: "_Use past or future tense only when you cannot use present tense or it does not make sense to use present tense._"

+
include::snip_warning-about-losing-backup-repo-password.adoc[]

. Create a secret (for example, `name: aws-user-credentials-secret`) containing:

> .. `awsAccessKeyId` key with the Base64 encoded AWS access key ID of the user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An `awsAccessKeyId` key with the Base64 encoded AWS access key ID of the user
```
- Item should be bulleted, and not a sub-step

Author: Thank you. Fixed.

> .. `awsSecretAccessKey` key with the Base64 encoded AWS secret access key of the user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An `awsSecretAccessKey` key with the Base64 encoded AWS secret access key of the user
```

- Item should be bulleted, and not a sub-step

Author: Thank you. Fixed.

. Create the `CheBackupServerConfiguration` custom object:
+
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,+attributes"]
----
apiVersion: org.eclipse.che/v1
kind: CheBackupServerConfiguration
metadata:
  name: backup-server-configuration
  namespace: {prod-namespace}
spec: <1>
  awss3:
    protocol: https <2>
    hostname: s3.amazonaws.com <3>
    port: 1234 <4>
    repositoryPath: {prod-id}-backups <5>
    repositoryPasswordSecretRef: backup-encryption-password-secret <6>
    awsAccessKeySecretRef: aws-user-credentials-secret <7>
----
<1> The `spec` property of this custom object must only have one section configured.

> <2> Optional property that specifies the protocol to be used: `https` is the default value; `http` is a permitted value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Optional property that specifies the protocol to be used. `https` is the default value; `http` is a permitted value.
```

Author: Thank you.

<3> Optional property that specifies the S3 hostname. The default value is `s3.amazonaws.com`.

> <4> Optional property that specifies the port on which the backup server is running.

Reviewer 2: Is there a default value? If so, what is it?

Author: I'm asking the SME. Thank you.

> <5> The name of the bucket resource where the backup snapshots are stored. The bucket resource must be manually pre-created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> The name of the bucket resource that stores the backup snapshots. You must manually create the bucket resource before configuring it here.
```
Avoid passive voice.

Author: @bburt-rh Great! Thank you.
